I can patch it up.
but it'll take the last of the
boards we got from the camp.
That's right. I won't be buying
lumber for quite some time.
If the government
wants to lure people west.
what better way than to show
them our new police force?
I'm looking for a site.
Not you. too.
No. I'm no prospector.
but I am going to feed them.
I'm opening a mess tent.
We make a great team.
I love you.
I love you. too.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Eureka!
Okay. I'll have some more.
If you haven't sold out again.
I'd like some hash. Mrs. Clarke.
I've got just enough.
- Here.
- No. it's on the house.
Thank you for everything
that you've done to help me
at the boardinghouse.
But you're already paying me for that.
It's not nearly as much as you deserve.
Much obliged. I'll get
that door planed today.
Thank you.
I think we're going to have enough
for me to place a small
order of lumber with Vince
when he comes back through.
At least enough to keep
the boardinghouse going.
I finished cleaning the table.
Can we go to the ranch now. mama?
Yeah. As soon as the men
are finished with their breakfast.
But don't you have Mrs.
McCabe's reading lessons?
Why do I feel like this is more
about you playing with Jenny.
She's going to teach
me how to make a doll
from an old corn stalk.
You're learning so much.
It's better than school.
Well. I don't know about that.
I don't understand
why Tom is determined
to plow this field himself.
He's got ranch hands to do it.
It's like he's got a score to settle.
- With who?
- I don't know.
Himself maybe?
Seems dead set on proving
he can be a successful farmer.
Being a rancher's not enough?
I don't think Tom knows the
meaning of the word "enough".
Snake!
Nash!
Are you alright?
It's my leg!
Whoa!
Good morning. Sarah.
Hi. Mr. Moore.
Rebecca.
Nice to see you both.
Jenny's been waiting for you.
Thanks. Mrs. McCabe.
Now a good time for a reading lesson?
Your time seems a little more
precious than mine. though.
How's the boardinghouse coming along?
You know. the roof no longer leaks.
We've patched that. so it's progress.
You patch it up with the old
wood the prospectors were using?
Hardly call that progress.
Lovely to see you. Mr. Moore.
Always a pleasure. Rebecca.
You know. if you would sell
me lumber instead of burning it.
I wouldn't be patching
my roof with old wood.
Well. this isn't lumber.
it's just offcuts from the fences.
but you're more than welcome to it.
Tom!
Tom! It's Nash.
Whoa. whoa!
His horse reared up at a snake!
- He fell hard.
- I'm fine.
- You don't look fine.
It's his leg.
Your shin.
It's definitely broken.
How bad?
Bad.
Where's the nearest doctor?
Too far.
We need this taken care of right now.
Did you learn anything from
the war about setting a leg?
I- I saw my husband do it.
It's not the same as knowing how.
Rebecca. you have to try.
Please.
Did you add some hardtack as well?
It's all there. Plus a little pemmican.
I appreciate your help. Olivia.
Of course.
How long will you be gone for this time?
Probably about a week.
Well. you be careful out there.
Don't worry about me.
I'm finding this territory
a lot less hazardous than
I was warned it would be.
Well. I'm sure you get into
some dangerous situations
with outlaws or whiskey traders.
I wish.
That didn't come out right.
I don't wish for people to break the law.
Of course.
I just-I did anticipate a little more action.
You never had to wrestle a bear. or...
- I saw a cougar once...
- Really? What happened?
I made a really loud
noise and it ran away.
Well. you should still
be careful out there.
We'll see you.
You're doing a fine
job with that door. Lars.
Thanks. Hattie.
Mrs. Clarke went up to the Moore ranch
if you're looking for her.
Okay.
Jiminy cricket.
Mrs. Clarke is not going
to be happy about this.
Maybe she won't notice.
Look. we're just lucky no one got hurt.
You know. since I'm the
one who patched this up.
I guess you can take back
what you said about my
fine construction skills.
No. it's not your fault. Lars.
Those boards were rotten to begin with.
And with all the rain we've had lately.
I'm surprised it lasted this long.
She's gonna need to
replace this whole roof.
Yeah.
I'm all right.
Nash.
There comes a time
where it's all right to
admit that you're hurting.
I guess this would be it?
We need to get his leg set.
or he'll be hobbling
around for the rest of his life.
The sooner the better. I know.
Let's get started.
I haven't done something
like this before...
Okay. well. when has
that ever stopped you?
Just think this through.
and... What do you need?
Okay. okay.
Jim used to...
Make a cast out of burlap and...
plaster of Paris.
Where-where would we
find something like that here?
Clay. Go over to the trading post
and see if Hattie has anything like that.
Yes. sir.
We're going to need to immobilize the leg
right after we pull the
bones back into place.
After you what?
Jenny. are you all right?
I got chores to do. is all.
I know how you're feeling.
It was hard when my pa was sick.
What if he never gets better?
Your pa is going to be okay.
You think so?
Yeah. My mom will make sure of it.
Are you sure you've
got the dimensions right?
I measured twice.
Because you're going to
have to drill holes that the strips
can go through in
order to stabilize the leg.
So you can do that?
You know. I'm the
one who taught Clayton
all about woodworking. right?
Sorry.
Look. I get it. This needs to be right.
You and Nash have
been friends for how long?
After I left Ontario.
I started working my
way west as a ranch hand.
I met Nash in Montana. He was...
He was honest.
I'm a hardworking. skilled rider.
I struck out on my own and
persuaded him to be my foreman.
Peggy and the kids followed.
They took a big chance on me.
So they're your family?
Yeah.
A lot can go wrong with a break.
Infection. bone deformity.
We're not going to let that happen.
That much we can agree on.
Loosen that side for me?
Pa. are you gonna be okay?
I'll be just fine. son.
How about you go out and help
your mom fetch some water. okay?
Tom and Rebecca
shouldn't be much longer.
What if it don't heal right?
I got to be able to work for my family.
You can't think like that.
It could have been so much worse.
What if...
Let's not worry about the what-ifs.
Hi. Did Clayton make it back yet?
No.
All right. We're almost finished.
I'll be back soon.
Rebecca?
What would we do if
you weren't here to help?
It's not what she asked for.
I went by the house.
Clayton wasn't there.
Hi. Hattie. Is this the plaster of Paris?
No. actually. it's building plaster.
But it's all I had.
It's going to be too thick.
You think you can make it work?
Mama says we have to
bring her at least a dozen.
Okay.
You gotta take charge or
they'll peck at your hands.
Okay.
The bone is set.
I'd better be.
Do I tie these?
- Yes.
- All right.
What's the plan with these egg whites?
I'm hoping that the air in the egg whites
will make the plaster more malleable.
And then what?
And then we dress his leg. and
we put the burlap in the plaster
and the plaster on his leg...
And hope it works.
Hold it right there. lawman.
Nick Douglas.
I had you there. didn't I?
What brings you to my territory?
A stagecoach was robbed just
south of here. near the border.
Captured one outlaw.
but the other got away.
And you've been
tracking him this direction?
Yeah.
Could sure use some
help if you're interested.
Absolutely.
Perfect.
I'll grab my things.
we'll head out at sunrise.
This should begin to harden soon.
We did it.
You did it.
I can't thank you enough.
I'm just glad that it worked.
and now comes the hard part.
You have got to stay still until morning.
I'll make sure of it.
How long will this stay on for?
A while.
And even after you take it
off. it's going to be some time
before you can put your weight on it.
We'll deal with that as it comes.
Don't worry about that. I'll clean it later.
Right now I have to think about supper.
Can Sarah eat with us?
Well. sure she can.
I have a meat pie ready to go in the oven.
- Can I. mama?
- Yeah.
- Nice job.
- Thank you.
All right. Well. I'll fend for myself.
Nonsense. You'll stay.
No. Peggy. he's right.
You really should focus
on your own family tonight.
What about you? Are you
off to feed those prospectors?
It's probably too late for that.
Well. you're more than welcome
to take a chance on my cooking.
Your cooking?
I mean. I have enough for everybody.
Hattie. if you want to...
No thanks. Tom. I'm fine.
Okay.
All right.
I'll join you.
Great.
Rebecca. could I have a word?
Sure.
You did a really great job in there.
Thank you. I had no
idea what I was doing.
Well. it certainly looked like you did.
Hey. Rebecca...
I need to tell you something.
Your roof collapsed today.
My roof collapsed... not all of it.
How bad?
Well. it's only a matter of
time before the rest of it goes.
The whole roof needs to be replaced.
So much lumber.
That's a fact.
There's no way around it.
This table is lovely craftsmanship.
Did you make it?
Clayton did it.
I'll admit he's surpassed
what I taught him.
He did all the furniture in here.
He's very talented.
He is. indeed.
Dinner is served.
It looks delightful.
Steak okay?
Wonderful.
Just fine.
That was quite the adventure today.
Good teamwork.
You showed a lot of
courage. I was impressed.
A woman being
courageous surprises you?
It's in my experience. a woman of...
Your ilk.
My ilk?
Yeah. You know.
City girls.
I was once engaged to a city girl.
It didn't end well.
Sorry.
It's okay.
We all got our stories. don't we?
So what did you do?
Only thing I could do.
Rode into the middle
of the fight. broke it up.
My introduction to this territory came
when I saved a family
from a burning cabin.
I ran straight into the
flames again and again.
Three times. to be precise.
I even went back for their dog.
Remarkable.
All in a day's work.
I'm sure you got plenty of
similar tales since graduation.
Well. yes.
Keeping the peace between
the ranchers and the prospectors
can be a full-time job.
Right.
- Any gun play?
- Thankfully. no.
- Thievery?
- Not quite.
What then?
Hot tempers. Hurt feelings.
That sort of thing.
It...
Sounds like important work.
Well. what's your plan now
that Nash is out of commission?
Well. I was planning on
plowing the fields tomorrow.
but that's going to have to wait
'cause I'm going to have
to take care of the hundred
little things that Nash looks after.
What about you?
You still nervous about that mountie?
What makes you think I'm nervous?
Mhm.
You don't have to
answer if you don't want.
I won't press the issue.
Well. there is something I should tell you.
You were right.
Sorry. I couldn't hear you.
You heard me just fine.
I did hear you just fine.
But what was I right about?
Because it could be so many things.
The wood that I used
to patch up the roof
at the boardinghouse.
It wasn't very good.
and I thought it might hold
for a month or so. maybe two.
The roof collapsed today.
That's a shame.
You don't want to gloat?
No. Why would I gloat?
Why would I be happy
that you and Sarah
don't have a proper roof over your head?
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
I knew this was going to be hard.
but I don't have time to
wait for the supply wagon.
I have to figure out a way to
open the boardinghouse soon.
I guess we both have our problems.
You got a roof to fix.
and I got a field to plow.
You're not serious?
No offense. but getting a
roof built is much harder.
Well. no offense. but you
couldn't be more wrong.
I would much rather plow a field
than deal with my bigger roof issue.
That's because you've
never done it before.
Doesn't the horse do all the work?
I'll tell you what.
I'll plow your field.
And in exchange.
you give me the lumber I
need for the boardinghouse.
I'll tell you what. You plow my field.
I'll chop down the trees myself
and plane the wood for you.
You got a deal.
You sure?
Yes.
If I don't get lumber soon.
this will all be for nothing.
Deal.
You best finish that steak.
You're gonna need the energy.
Gladly.
At least it isn't raining.
Not now. anyway.
I saw you come back.
No.
What are you going to do?
I'm going to plow
Mr. Moore's alfalfa fields.
- What?
He's going to give me the
wood that I need to repair the roof
if I plow the field. We made a deal.
Was this his idea?
No. it was mine. The only problem now
is that I'm going to miss
a night at the mess tent.
I can bring the food down to the camp.
but I don't think that's your only problem.
What do you mean?
Have-have you ever
plowed a field before?
No. but I'm sure I'll get the hang of it.
I probably just need some trousers.
We can set you up at the trading post.
Yeah. Still.
It's back-breaking work. Rebecca.
Mama can do anything.
Just like today with Mr. McCabe's leg.
Right. mama?
Absolutely.
A rattlesnake?
Sorry I let you down. Tom.
with all the work we got to do.
I don't ever want to hear
you apologize about this.
I'll be back up and at 'em
again by the end of the week.
No. you won't.
You best listen to your wife.
It takes two of us to run this ranch.
I'll figure it out.
I always do.
I'm just glad you're okay.
'Cause I gotta be honest. when
Clayton came up in that wagon.
that riderless horse...
You had me scared. Nash.
I'm not going to pretend otherwise.
Yeah.
Can't get rid of me that easy.
I can count on a friend.
Yeah.
Thanks. peg.
Good. You're ready.
Look at you.
You're serious?
You want to do this?
Are you trying to back out?
No.
All right. let's get moving.
It's not going to get any drier.
All right. well. let me
show you how to do it.
I'm sure I can get the hang of it.
No. you don't just "get the hang of it".
All right. here you go. Lift this arm.
There you go.
This here.
Okay.
You ready?
I will figure it out.
How's pa going to ride his
horse with that thing on his leg?
Mama says it has to
stay on him for a long time.
Then we've got to be extra helpful.
What else can we do?
The goats need feeding.
I've never fed goats before.
I can show you how.
Race you to the goat pen!
Wait for me!
Step up.
Are you enjoying this?
Me? No.
All right. Show me how.
My pleasure.
You gotta maintain a firm hand grip.
Be sure you're the
one steering the horse.
Not the other way around.
Got it.
Now. the first furrow is
the most important one.
It's gotta be a straight line.
It becomes the guide
for every other pass.
Understood.
You got your blade dug in too deep.
The key is to maintain
the same depth in the soil.
But that takes strength.
and takes stamina.
All right. Thank you. I'll-I'll get on with it.
All right.
You ready?
Ready.
Step up.
There you go.
Getting the hang of it.
I'm chasing a 1.200 pound moose
that stole my stack of supplies.
and I realized that I
got to make my move.
or I'm gonna go hungry
that night... whoa.
What was that about?
It's a tripwire.
Trapper must have rigged it.
Thanks. Vaughn.
That would have been the end of me.
- Do you want to try?
- Sure.
Sarah. no! You don't feed 'em inside!
- Goats!
- Come here. goats!
They're tickling me!
Just drop the feed!
Clarence!
No! He's the worst!
Come here. you rascal!
Wait for me!
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Hold on one second.
Someone had a campfire here.
Still warm.
Could be our guy.
Take a look at this.
I recognize that boot print.
It's him. all right.
He's making such a mess.
We should tell mom.
No. she has enough to worry about.
Sam. can you pick up these apples?
- Why me?
- Thanks. Sam!
He thinks he's gotten away with it.
He's about to find out
that crime doesn't pay.
Flank him.
Hold it right there.
It's over. Give yourself up.
In the name of the
north-west mounted police.
you're under arrest.
Nice work. constable.
Rebecca. how are you making out?
Whoa. whoa.
You doing okay?
I brought you some water.
You must be thirsty.
I think you proved your point.
Quitting is not an option.
He was here.
He's a wily one.
Mr. Tom's going to be so mad.
What if he doesn't find out?
Did you catch him?
We've got to find him.
We can't leave Mr. Tom's papers like this.
Sam. can you tidy up?
- But...
- thanks. Sam.
- Hurry. Sarah.
- Right behind you!
Never in my life have I
sat around like this all day.
We'll all pitch in and manage somehow.
Is Rebecca still out
there plowing the field?
She must be.
I don't know how Tom let her do that.
From what I understand.
it was Rebecca's idea.
She's not one to give in easily.
What are those kids up to?
Supper's almost ready.
At least one good thing came of this.
I get to spend more time with you.
Well. from what I recall. Nash McCabe.
you made a promise to
spend your whole life with me.
That's a promise I intend
to keep for a long. long time.
You better.
No. The milk.
What's that around his neck?
Looks like a hankie.
Come here. Clarence.
Got him!
You're such a troublemaker.
We're gonna have to
get you back in your pen
and clean this milk up before
mom notices anything happened.
Sorry. Jenny. This is all my fault.
If I hadn't let Clarence
out in the first place...
But it was fun.
You should have seen
your face when he got out.
And yours when you saw what
he did to Mr. Moore's house!
Okay. everyone? Everyone.
Rebecca's not here. so
there won't be a hot meal.
What are you complaining
about? I brought you food. didn't I?
Here you go. sir.
Thank you.
When's she coming back?
You know. you're making me
feel downright unappreciated.
Come on. Mrs. Quinn. I appreciate you.
But not your sardines.
Did Mrs. Clarke figure out
what to do about the roof?
She's working on a solution
right now. as a matter of fact.
As soon as she opens
the boardinghouse.
we'll be the first to rent a room.
Won't we. ned?
Yeah. We'll get you into a proper home.
- Okay. sweetie. Let's go.
- Thank you.
You're welcome.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Alex. I appreciate all your
help bringing this guy in.
Well. thank you for giving
me one heck of a story to tell.
And... I'm grateful you
saved my bacon from that trap.
Don't worry. I'll leave
that part out of the story.
Well. safe travels. Nick.
And. watch out for those
1.200 pound moose. yeah?
Maybe it was 1.100 pounds.
It's okay. it's okay.
Good evening.
How is it?
- It's delicious.
- Good answer.
Little ned.
Say "hello. Hattie".
He's got your smile.
It's hard to believe
he's gonna be crawling
in a matter of months.
Thankfully. we'll be
out of the tent by then.
Thank you for the meal.
You're welcome.
Lars. you coming?
Go ahead. Be right out.
Everything okay?
Sure.
Why wouldn't it be?
I have a beautiful wife.
brand new baby boy.
It's funny how some fellas get all the luck
and others get none.
Rachel sure seems excited to
move into that boardinghouse.
The problem is...
I'm not sure we could
afford a room there.
It won't be completed for weeks.
It may be even longer.
depending on when
Rebecca can get that lumber.
Can't you save up?
We're barely scraping by.
Everyone seems to be
finding gold except me.
I mean. I find some flakes
every now and then. but that's it.
And the-the work.
Mrs. Clarke gave me.
it's helping us get by.
But what happens
when the work's done?
Does Rachel know?
She keeps believing things will get better.
I'm sure Rebecca's going
to give you a reasonable rate.
No. no. I... I won't have that.
She's in no better position than us.
She-she needs full rent.
Lars. I know what it's like
to be a young family taking a big risk.
All I can say is
things have a way of
working out for the best.
What if they don't?
Whoa!
You win.
I'm not done.
Rebecca.
I'm giving you the lumber.
Come.
I haven't finished yet.
You will.
With my help.
You take this
and go take the lead.
Thank you.
You earned it.
Hey. boy. Hey...
Hey. Let's go.
Step up. Hi-yah.
Yah.
Easy. Whoa.
Whoa.
Nice.
You're a man of your word.
Well. not entirely.
I didn't chop down the tree
and plane the wood myself
like I said I would.
No.
He had me do that.
Well. thank you.
There's a bunch more to come.
Clayton. also. I noticed
your craftsmanship
on the dining table at the ranch.
It's quite lovely.
Thank you very much.
It's going to take a lot of
furniture to fill this place.
I've been thinking about that.
I see where this is going.
So the outlaw. he reaches for his pistol.
And I know I've only got
one chance to take him down.
otherwise. Nick's in trouble.
So I have to leap at him.
A leap of faith. if you will.
Okay. And then what happens?
I tackle him to the ground
and we recover the stolen loot.
That's amazing.
Clayton.
Sorry to interrupt.
No problem.
Rebecca sent me over to talk to you.
- Really?
- Yeah.
She hired me to build a
dining room table for twelve.
Good for you.
She wants us to work
on it together. you and me.
That's wonderful.
I'll come up with some ideas
and we can run them by her.
- Sounds great.
- I have to...
Bye!
Maybe we can do some. like. some
detailing on the corners here?
That's quite a bit of detail.
I figure you're up for the challenge.
I guess.
Mrs. Clarke.
A word?
I'll get that.
I see you finally got your lumber.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Yes. We're moving in the right direction.
I've got a question for you.
Would it be all right with you
if I was one of your first boarders?
When you're ready to open. of course.
Well. it's going to be a month at least.
I'm in no rush.
Of course.
Wonderful.
Thank you.
Mr. Moore.
Constable.
What was that about?
Seems I have my first room reserved.
Are you all right with that?
I'll have to be.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-